hey Michael hey everybody hello uh it's a holiday but we're doing the recording this anyway so um
nice let's uh let's just jump in okay hello and welcome to Python Bytes where we deliver
Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds this is episode 481 recorded May 25th
May 25,
not 1926
and I am Brian Okken
I'm Michael Kennedy
and this show is
sponsored by us
check out
all the Talk Python training courses
the pytest course
and
thanks to Patreon supporters
and also we've both written books
so check out books also
and I'll have a little bit of news on the LeanTDD
later.
We both have something
fresh for people that if they want to support us,
they can check it out.
Something fresh,
yeah.
You can,
if
you've got suggestions or
yeah,
if
you've got complaints,
send it to Michael,
but if you have
suggestions,
send it to either of us.
And the
info is on the show notes,
but it's,
we're on Mastodon
and
Bluesky and
all the places.
So also,
if you're listening to this and would like to see what we look like or watch the stuff or even show up live,
you can go to pythonbytes.fm/live where there's a link to join the audience.
And during the recording,
a lot of people, sometimes people drop in questions and we'll answer them on the show.
That's fun.
And lastly,
you don't have to take notes because all of the links are in the show notes, but the links and extra information are sent out in the email newsletter.
So you can subscribe at pythonbytes.fm and we will send you a whole bunch of information.
If you don't quite understand what we're talking about, there's some background information there too that will fill you in.
With that,
let's talk about something dumb.
dumb ways to die dumb ways for open source projects to die oh and let me count the ways
this one is by andrew nesbitt it's an article it's a taxonomy i suppose is the way you would put it
it's pretty interesting i think it creates some interesting ways to talk about and think about
just open source projects and supply chain,
not mostly not security,
although a little bit security,
but also just stability,
right?
So this taxonomy is broken into a two level tree. So there's things
like the maintainer left,
and the maintainer still there,
sabotage and capture the release pipeline
broke and so on.
And for each one of those,
there's a bunch of sub items that are really good.
So for the maintainer left,
I'll give you a couple of them.
They're all pretty interesting.
So I won't read the whole article, but I'll read off a few of them so you'll get the sense
and you can come back and use this as a resource.
So under the maintainer left, we have the ghost maintainer,
the simple and most common case.
The last human commit is some years ago.
Issues are accumulating unanswered.
The repo is not archived,
so it doesn't show up in any filter that would flag it.
Usually the maintainer just moved on and it wasn't important enough to formally hand it over,
shut it down.
And it goes on a bit.
And by the way,
Andrew references this weekend that Bernie research he did and basically went through different packaging platforms or services or whatever, like PyPI or npm and so on, and said, like, well, which one of these are in an active state,
a dormant state, a dead state?
unknown and has a percent dead and pipe actually has a very low percent dead
conda is better maven is better but everything else is worse like quite a
few others so that's pretty interesting yeah they're like 20% I know that's
crazy right so it's it's kind of like let's take those and then categorize it
went through and did a bunch of research on these and said okay well why is it
dead what ways can it be dead so there's the just they ghosted right the
just goes through this fine. There could be the corporate orphan,
a company built an open source
to with a team to run it and then pivoted or laid off the people and nobody updated it because they
just well, they're fired.
That's an interesting one. There's the thesis or orphan.
I created this
project as a PhD or master's thesis and then I graduated and I'm done.
I'm not messing with
anymore.
Actually didn't enjoy it anyway.
Funding cliff similar like it has a grant or an NSF grant
or something like that.
And then when the money's gone,
stop.
And so on.
Let's go on the next
category. So this one's also really common, the maintainer still there,
but there's the burnout
plateau still active by any metric you'd run typo fixes and dependency bumps get merged with the
occasional thanks on an issue.
But anything that needs actual design work or serious debugging
is open indefinitely because they're just done.
Custody battle.
Two maintainers fighting over it.
Toxic gatekeeping.
The person in charge of it just doesn't really want to maintain it,
but hostile to all new incoming work.
That happens a lot, I think, actually.
Yeah,
I think so.
There's the sabotage and capture.
Captured maintainer.
Commit or publish access ends up with someone hostile.
NextZ is an elaborate version.
Remember that two-year social engineering campaign?
Yeah.
They eventually talked that person into letting the person take over,
but they were actually a state actor,
we believe.
That is not where.
And then we've also covered the protest where.
This is bad.
Seems to be more JavaScript,
but there it is.
The legitimate maintainer deliberately breaks their own package.
Colors and faker were sabotaged by their author in 2022.
Left pad was unpublished entirely.
Remember,
that one was pretty bad.
That was funny.
Why is there an entire package that just left pads a string?
Like, that's all it does.
You know, that's just too fine-grained, people.
All right.
The release pipeline broke, a bunch of stuff around that.
Force majeure,
like,
sanctions.
Some people's accounts have been shut down or blocked
because they've been frozen under export controls
or other things like that,
or taken down because of DMCA.
The world moved on.
This one we know well from the Python world.
The platform got stranded,
like chained to an end of the life runtime.
Python 2 only requires a certain node version or whatever.
And related to that is the transit of death.
So the project's fine, the maintainer's present willing,
but something two or three levels down
in its own dependency tree can't be swapped out
thought of rewrite,
like think Python 2,
right?
Why did a lot of stuff not upgrade to Python 3?
Because something it depended upon was Python 2 only,
and so there's no way to get there.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
API rug pull, I've seen this.
Like,
hey, I wrote something that wraps,
like let's say the Reddit's API or Twitter API,
and then those APIs go away, and guess what?
Your app or library doesn't work.
Or it's just superseded,
right?
Like,
there's no reason to do a thing if it's now part of the language or something like that.
Project split.
Yeah.
That's pretty much it.
Licensing.
So what do you think?
That's pretty neat,
right?
Yeah.
And one of the things that's unfortunate is because a lot of the open source,
I don't know,
that there's a lot of projects or there there at least have been enough projects that has been
painful that have um have had a lot of users and like something happened and it's not maintained
anymore and it's not there isn't a really good way to transition away or just to something else
and it gets messy um i mean we had i had a like even uh at work we had a project that we were
depending on that was by Python 2 only.
And it's one of those things of like,
we could have thrown money at it
and just had a corporate entity could convert it.
But we waited until a university,
some university students did it.
But that seems dumb.
Why not throw money at it?
I think for a lot of these.
You could just pay the person,
hey, I know it's on this old version,
but would $5,000 make it work on the new version too?
A lot of times people say, heck yeah.
I've wanted to do it, but I don't have the time and energy,
right?
Or get your own people to do the conversion work.
Yeah.
Take it over.
Honestly, I'd rather see companies support the maintainers and get it upgraded.
But if that's not an option,
Claude could probably upgrade it too.
Well, I mean, in the case where somebody just moved on,
they're not interested in the project anymore.
Yeah.
Throwing money at them is probably not the right option.
Yeah, that's true.
It depends on the situation.
I'll give you two examples of these in the Python space
that both make me sad.
Well, one's in the front-end CSS space.
It's Bulma.
I really like Bulma.
Super cool project.
It sells itself as a modern CSS framework and all these things.
But let's see.
When was the last release?
Oh, yeah.
About a year and a half ago.
Really?
Weird.
Which is really sad.
There was a commit for something super.
So I think this is an absolute telltale sign of this.
So people out there thinking about projects they want to depend upon,
this is a mega sign for it.
So three months ago,
the maintainer of this fixed Issue 4000.
What is Issue 4000?
The footer has a broken logo on the website.
Okay.
Meanwhile,
it's got 50,000 GitHub stars,
4,000 forks.
And that's fine.
Like this guy,
he doesn't owe the world anything.
If he built it, it's amazing.
I actually use this.
I love Bulma,
and I decided to keep using it
even though it's basically dead in the water
because I looked around at all the other stuff.
It's like Tailwind but way less complicated.
And it's going to keep working.
In five years, I'll find something else.
But right now...
I could see it, though.
So you've got 10 minutes to work.
know maybe you got a half an hour on the weekend to work on it you open this up
and you see 346 issues and 175 pull requests I just close my laptop and go
outside and mow the lawn or something I know just no I know and so the guy
doesn't owe the world anything he created some cool and that's fine he
doesn't have to do but there here's something that bugs me I would just like
to put this out there for people and you know I if I projects like this I can
consider myself the same.
I have nothing of this scale.
But for example,
if I go to the pull
request section, I understand what you're saying, Brian. Like, oh God,
there's so much work here.
But he should put some kind of message that says,
hey, listen,
I just can't right now.
So please don't submit any PR.
Don't go do work that I won't even look at.
So if you look at the
PR is like there's one one on February 20th one on January 20th and there's a
hundred and seventy five PRS without even a response to them going back you
know way I don't know how far they go back you got a page to it right it's
seven thousand eighteen you know I mean and so I just feel like it kind of bugs
me that there's all these people out in the world go oh I'm gonna help improve
this project I like I'm gonna add the view CLI like no you're not because it's
get responded to and so on. And also there's 36 people sponsoring the project,
like paying money
monthly to support it. Like, I just feel like at some point you're like,
just please use it,
please enjoy it, but don't, don't do extra work to it because I'm not, I'm not in a space where
I want to or able to work on this right now.
You know,
I don't know. What are you thinking on that?
Well, I think that sometimes you're optimistic when you originally like write up a contributor
guideline,
but need to update it to say,
yeah,
I'm not going to accept contributions,
I guess.
Yeah,
exactly. I think one sentence on the read me, like, hey, look,
I just can't, like a big,
bold, I can't right now, folks.
So please just hold your thoughts,
you know,
and so on.
Because
anyway,
so the other one is disk cache, which I use and love.
What? That's abandoned?
Last commit two years ago.
Maybe it just works, though.
Yeah.
But here's the thing.
Well,
I mean, there's 20 pull requests,
50 issues, no responses.
The guy, Grant,
I don't know him.
I don't know his background.
But I noticed that he was hired by OpenAI almost exactly just a little bit after the last release.
So I don't know if this was captured in the taxonomy.
But it is actually.
I can't remember which one.
but there's like one of them where,
hey, if you get hired at a company
that doesn't let you do open source,
your projects kind of like de facto die
unless you can get someone else to do it.
You know what I mean?
Or you did open source to try to be well-known enough
to get hired by OpenAI.
I'm not saying there's a negative outcome.
It probably is an amazing outcome for Grant.
So congrats to him.
And again, he doesn't know the world or anything.
I think this is a little bit different
because it's really a wrapper on SQLite
and SQLite is constantly being maintained and updated.
So I feel less worried about it.
Anyway,
dumb ways for open source projects that I,
there's just two examples.
I think this is important,
especially for newcomers to open source and Python.
When you add something to your project as a requirement,
you should know the consequences of doing that,
right?
Yeah.
I want to add one more thing.
There are a lot of packages that really don't need that many updates.
Even if they have issues in pull requests,
they might be just maybe the maintainer is not that great at saying,
you know, I don't feel like it or something.
But one way to keep it noted that it's alive is once a year,
update your tests to the new Python version.
Then it's at least a year old and you know it's being tested on the latest Python.
and that's the bare minimum, I think.
Yeah,
change your classifier.
What are those things called?
Your classifier to just say,
take out the old Python, put it in the new Python,
something like that, classifier, and you're good to go.
But projects can be done.
They definitely can be done.
It's just they don't need more changes.
But I think it's all pretty interesting.
but let's take us on to more packaging talk.
Yeah,
okay.
So I wanted to talk, this is a brief one,
but this is a Tim Hopper article on how to create a PyLock Toml file.
And I just kind of forgot that these were sort of rolling in at different times.
And as of May now of 2026,
there's now three ways to create these guys.
So he covers using uv,
PIP,
and PDM and notes that uv is the only one that says it's in stable status.
The pip lock,
PyLock tunnel generation is experimental and so is PDM experimental.
I didn't know PDM did it, but I'm not really a PDM user.
But the,
yeah,
just sort of running down how to create lock files
with all of these tools.
And it's kind of just a general neat tutorial
with the recommendation of why not just use uv because it works.
The incantation is a little magic.
It's uv export --format,
PyLockTOML,
with an output of PyLockTOML.
Hmm.
Seems you're done.
I wonder if there's, there are,
I think there's a global config for uv.
I wonder if you could put that in there.
Maybe.
That'd be interesting.
I don't know.
And if you,
he also has apparently a companion page
of how to install.
And the how to install is,
the short version is use-r
because all the tools treat it
like a requirements file.
Oh,
not completely.
Interesting.
No depths?
Oh, no depths.
No dependencies.
Huh.
Okay.
Anyway.
Yeah, just creating PyLockTOML files.
And,
yeah, it's kind of the way we're moving.
So that's it.
It sure is very interesting.
Now,
let's talk about LifeGuard.
So LifeGuard, we've talked about lazy.
That's a good summer topic.
Exactly.
A lot of places,
at least in the U.S., the public pools open on Memorial Day,
and all the lifeguards go back to work, and you need a lifeguard job.
It's often a rite of passage of high school to work as a lifeguard.
So this works for lazy imports.
Remember,
lazy imports are coming in Python,
which is going to be really nice.
And I was pretty interested in it before, but then I did that work,
where,
and I wrote it up, said,
we talked about it here,
cutting Python web app memory by 31%.
A lot of that had to do with imports and changing imports
and only using heavyweight libraries
when they actually executed the code that needed them.
But,
so lazy imports, good,
I think.
However,
lazy imports also can have incompatibilities
in other issues.
So this lifeguard library will go through
and find those issues.
It's I don't know if we it's kind of a interesting juxtaposition.
It has 56 GitHub stars. So it's kind of like brand new,
which is fine. It's just a like
a linter type thing made by Facebook.
So it's probably something that meta used internally,
and they just open source,
you know,
a couple months ago.
So that's all good.
Looks like
it is a rust based thing because as a cargo folder and that was two months ago when it was created I
don't know when it actually came out public on get up right because you can have a private repo and
flop it flip it to public at some point anyway it says what are lazy points we talked about that
imports but it says why you know the idea is obviously especially in large code bases this
both increases startup time and lowers memory usage which is great however
sometimes it doesn't work because there's certain Python patterns that
require these things to execute immediately so module level side effects
like a module that registered registers a handler or modifies global state at
import time will behave differently if its import is deferred think about
something that sets sys that at exit,
right,
so it wants to run some code at exit to unravel
something.
But that's only there if you call the function that causes the lazy import to load and
so on, right,
as opposed to what the way it does now.
The registry pattern,
so dependency injection,
I'm guessing a module registers itself added to a global dick that will,
when imported,
will
silently fail under lazy imports.
sys.modules manipulations could that reason writes this
out modules assumes the prior imports have already executed.
OK,
interesting.
And meta classes,
class creation side effects may depend on that.
So you can just run this against your project
and it'll tell you how safe are your lazy imports.
And it can't be lazy.
It's a lifeguard.
Looks out for you.
So you don't, I guess,
drown in lazy imports.
Yeah.
Anyway,
I just want to put that out there for people
because this is coming in Python 3.15,
and it's always better to go,
hey, let's test our package or our application
on this new version before it's actually released,
especially in a package other people use, right?
Yeah.
And I guess I think testing is often pretty safe
to do lazy imports,
so I just want to throw out,
I don't have a link or anything,
but a reminder to people that if you're loading something fairly large
for testing purposes and you have a big suite,
you can throw that into a conf test.
Or not a conf test.
Well, you could do it in a conf test,
but you can throw the import into a fixture,
and even an auto-use fixture,
and it'll load at runtime instead of test collection time then.
So it's a lot faster.
Yeah,
that's very good.
If you're focusing on just some category test or something like that,
you don't have to do it.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's log it.
let's log it so uh there's a i ran across this article called uh choosing a python library log
choosing a python logging library in 2026 and um and i this just kind of came up at the right time
because i've got a project that i'm switching to use i my plan is to switch it to use log guru
log logaroo i don't know log l-o-g-u-r-u and the uh but but so i was looking at this just
because it's interesting so the comparison is the straight logging module struct log logaroo
logbook and pico logging and um it looks like they sort of uh i kind of gave up on some of those but
um but the one of the interesting things about using straight logging was that doing structured
output like json like uh logging json information is a little bit difficult so they um their their
recommendation right off the bat is to use a project called python json logger which i didn't
know about um which you can use with the standard logging module and uh and it just makes logging
easier um they even have a the same same people that wrote the original article have a setup guide
a practical guide to setting up the JSON logger.
So that's cool.
And especially, I was thinking,
especially for API endpoints or entry points or whatever,
that's important.
But we use JSON all over the place.
So just talking about comparing them all,
and they didn't really give an example.
They actually talked about,
well, they have examples,
but they didn't recommend anything.
Actually, the recommendation really was
use the standard logging module unless you have a reason not to because it's being supported
everywhere but i really liked the um uh the logger log guru example of just how easy it looks to set
up um and we've covered this before but uh especially if you have a lot of people that are
you know the uh logging kind of looks complicated and and if you've got a small team that all
understand it, it's great. But if you have a large team,
it might be easier just to have an easier
logging system.
And that's where I'm kind of leaning.
And the setting up JSON output, you can
say serialized equals true.
Now,
I don't know. I think that means that converts every log record
to a JSON output. So that might not be.
It's not logging JSON stuff.
It's actually the output is
adjacent things so you can read it somewhere else which also might be kind of cool but i probably
won't do that you have two logs you could set up a logger to a file that logs without serialized and
one that logs oh yeah right so you have like a parallel like a structured and an unstructured
version and when you just say log it just hits all the attached destinations or whatever but the the
easy setup is what i'm looking for um which but there there are some caveats like it's harder to
to have multiple loggers apparently,
or at least multiple configurations of different loggers.
I don't know if that's true or not,
but that's what the article says.
One of the things that I didn't know about with this
is that there's a logger catch and a logger exception.
So there's different ways,
the logger catch is a decorator to log exceptions nicely
or into whatever log file you have set up,
or logging stream or whatever.
and that looks neat because
Michael does no exceptions
but if there is an exception
it might be nice to look at that
anyway kind of a
good rundown of what the logging
libraries look like right now
and now how to do structured output
there was a performance benchmark
which was interesting that
it compared the standard
lib plus the JSON stuff
with struct log and logaroo
and logaroo is
about the same as the standard lib with Jason.
And struct log is about twice as fast as in some cases.
So that's interesting.
Cool.
I use Logaroo by default these days.
I really like it.
But I've also used Logbook.
I don't really use the built-in logging.
It just seems more complicated than needed to me.
I've been doing the built-in logging mostly lately.
Um,
um,
and I figured,
you know, once I figure out like some,
and I think I'm like with a lot of people that use it,
I figured out one way that works for me and I just copy and paste and do that.
Yep.
All right.
Well,
those are items.
Um,
do you have any extras you want to talk about?
Sure do.
I sure do.
Hold on.
I have two fun things.
So first of all,
let's do this order.
So a while ago, I told everyone that I have German subtitles available for
all 283 hours of courses over at Talk Python training,
the courses we got.
Well,
now we have Spanish as well.
So I'm very excited to announce if Spanish is your language and you want
Spanish subtitles to accompany the English spoken version.
Well,
click on Espanol and you'll be good to go right there.
How about that?
That's cool.
It only took two and a half weeks of just grinding on translations to get it done,
but there it is.
I think it's going to be really great.
So you have German and Spanish now?
German and Spanish.
Okay.
Nice.
Now I'm working on Portuguese,
actually.
I've done a lot of research and I feel like Portuguese will be the most beneficial for the tech folks.
Because you've got to intersect.
You've got to look at two things.
You've got to look at how confident is the group of people who speak a certain language in English.
So,
for example, German.
I did German first because I speak some German, so I could kind of spot check it a little bit.
And it made some sense to me.
But German people are pretty good at English,
especially tech-oriented ones.
And so I was looking around, and it turns out that I think Portuguese people are a little less comfortable with English
than maybe German folks or,
I don't know, French.
So I'm like, all right, then subtitles in their native language would be more helpful than not.
So anyway, that's the kind of thing I'm trying to balance.
So Portuguese is next.
Apparently there's a lot of like Python is one of the super popular in Brazil and other places.
So excited for this.
Cool.
All right.
So that's one.
Spanish subtitles.
Not Portuguese, but Portuguese maybe in three or four weeks, something like that.
And a brand new course.
I'm super excited about this.
Python Web Security is the course.
And it comes in two components.
The OWASP top 10.
So it goes through every one of the OWASP top 10 categories with two to three examples,
sometimes in Flask, sometimes in Django,
sometimes in FastAPI,
the bad version, the good version,
just purely learning the security issues.
And then we turn it into an agentic AI course and start searching for bugs in your own code
using agentic AI.
So we talked about how Mozilla found a bunch of bugs with Claude, similar to that,
with some really custom OWASP and Python web app focused things.
Oh,
nice.
Yeah.
So if you're publishing web apps or APIs on the internet,
you definitely want to look at this.
Because it basically gives you tooling and a blueprint
on how to completely check your app for OWASP violations
and beyond using things like Claude Code and others.
So instead of hiring pen testers, you
and do a first pass with this and then maybe find just a few more things if you're that kind of
company that can afford $25,000 or whatever for a pen test or you could at least do this if you're
going to do nothing.
So I think it's really helpful.
That's cool.
Nice.
Yep.
Thanks.
All right.
That's
it for me.
Okay.
I noticed this.
There's an article that was on NPR or Planet Money,
but I noticed it
because on Bluesky,
a shout out to where I got the information from,
if my tabs work,
Savannah Ostrowski.
So posted this,
said it was surprising.
This is a disturbing article,
actually.
It's what happened to women in computer science.
And I didn't realize this was going on
so long.
So basically,
modern computer science is dominated by men.
The percent of women in
computer science was,
and also in the percent compared with other fields, like other physical
sciences,
law school,
medical school.
So it's an interesting comparison.
But in the mid-80s,
what uh it was at its height at like 36 percent or something were women and it's just been going
down since then and uh you know it's a it's leveled off in the like uh what around 2008 or something
like that but this isn't good um and so what the i i think we need more women in computer science
And the analysis of this was really thought that this was because of the personal computers showing up in homes.
And I guess families and teachers encouraging boys to play with computers more than they taught girls.
and also a commentary from one woman that when she first went into her first computer science class,
she asked a question and the professor stopped and looked at her and said,
you should know that by now.
But it was like the first class.
And so I actually, my wife had the same experience.
She took a CS101 or something like that, or a basic class in high school.
And all the rest of the kids had already played with it on their Macs at home or something like that.
And she was an intro.
So I think we need to change this.
I think hopefully it's changing because I think there's like less actual personal computers in homes now than there were in the 90s.
So I think maybe hopefully it's leveled the playing field.
But who knows.
I'm glad that my daughter has already taken some Python in school,
but this is bad.
I mean,
software is not a boys' or girls thing.
If anything,
the women started it,
so we're latecomers to the game.
Anyway,
we need to fix this as a community.
Yeah.
The next thing,
the other thing I want to share is...
I do want to give just a field report,
Brian.
Okay.
So at PyCon,
I spoke to, I was speaking to several women,
and they said,
just talking to each other,
something like,
there is a very good representation of women at this conference now.
And 10 years ago, it wasn't like that.
And I feel the same way.
Oh, that's great.
And so it's really encouraging,
at least in the Python space.
But in general,
I agree that the graph is bad.
It doesn't need to be that way.
I also wonder,
like a lot, we get a lot of programmers from other fields, though, not necessarily computer science.
So I wonder if maybe we need to,
but it does say physical sciences.
Maybe we're getting a lot of our women coders from other fields.
I don't know.
I do think so.
You know, my daughter was learning to do,
like,
data science-y stuff in her psychology field.
And psychology,
I think, has more women than men in it, right?
And so to the extent that,
like, the data science side brings people in, I think there's a really interesting –
Python is super interesting because it brings people in from all these different disciplines.
And it's not just a – unlike, let's say, Go or See,
right?
That's like a straight path.
You start in programming and you end in this location,
right?
Whereas with Python,
it's got a much more diversity of sources,
not necessarily people or genders,
but like a diversity of different backgrounds that you come from to get into it.
So I think that might have something to do with it as well,
which is good.
Yeah.
Different generational things too.
I know we need to move on, but I remember when I was,
doing teaching at university,
um,
having,
having some of the older students come in and not knowing I would,
I,
I was guilty of just expecting a lot of people to know a lot of the basics,
um,
know how to do word or Excel or something like that. And,
and you don't,
people don't necessarily do that.
You can't assume anything really.
So yeah.
Anyway,
um,
I am still working on the audio version of the,
the lean TDD book.
and it's coming along well,
but in the process of doing a lot of the audio,
I've made some changes to the actual book.
That's why I'm holding off on the official release
because I want the audio and the official release to match.
But a lot of changes have come in.
I published this morning,
one of the things is separating out TDD with teams
because team aspects are different.
So I both have an emphasis on acceptance tester and development,
and then also how to apply those sorts of ATDD stuff to the lean concept.
I also beefed up the AI chapter to talk about guardrails and security.
So just a little bit.
Anyway,
it's coming along well.
And I don't know.
Who knows how long it will take.
My original plan was last January.
So we'll see.
Or,
you know, January a few months ago.
but congrats.
That's awesome.
Thanks.
So it's still going.
Thanks to everybody that's contributed and helped out.
So,
all right.
What skill do you need to be an author?
Persistence.
Yes.
Humble,
humbleness.
Yes.
Speaking of persistence,
our joke is titled stop texting me.
Okay.
Okay,
good.
So it's just a,
just a screenshot of a chat conversation.
Somebody has Claude in their,
they've Claude in their iPhone.
I think it's an,
yeah,
it's an iPhone on their,
their messages,
right?
And it says,
Claude,
build a $1 billion B2B SaaS platform from scratch.
Make no mistake.
Then it says red.
Dude,
for the thousandth time,
this is Claude from the pickleball league.
I am not AI.
That's funny.
Isn't that awesome?
And then, of course, there's comments.
There are definitely comments.
So I think I said it this way, but it's not spelled out.
Dude,
for the thousandth time,
this is Claude-
it's not the thousandth time.
Someone comments,
is it a legal requirement
that someone named Claude should be able to spell correctly?
and then um yeah i don't know it just goes on and on
this is funny yeah anyway comments are kind of fun too but
for the thousandth time this is claude from the pickleball league i'm not ai
building this uh that's funny um i would totally build them a uh a really crappy
B2B SaaS and just charge them a billion dollars.
That's right,
yeah.
I can give you a billion dollar company.
You pay me a billion dollars,
I'll give you something that earns at least a dollar.
Just because you spend a lot of money
building the company doesn't mean it's going to make a lot of money.
Exactly.
There's no guarantees there.
Yeah,
but anyway.
As always,
it's fun,
and we'll talk to you later.
Yep.
Thanks.
Bye.